---
layout: post
title: College board mcq corrections

---


Strenghts: 
- Program design and development
- Math expressions
- Lists
- variables and assignments
- undecidable problems
- safe computing
- legal and ethical concerns


Weakness: 
- developing algorithms
- algorithmic efficiency
- the internet
- conditionals
- identifying and correcting errors
- conditionals
- interation
- extracting information from data
- boolean expressions


Working on my weaknesses: 


Developing algorithms 3.9: 
Q14: 
- Because program A has the display first, it will go from 1-10
- Because program B has display after the arethmetic, it will go from 2-11
- therefore same number of values, but different values




algorithmic efficiency 3.17:

Q30:
- reviewing the question and the correct answer, the program would take 4 hours and not 5 because it have four genre's to analyze. If each of the 4 take one hour, it will take 4 total.

Q43: 
- Because the number of steps are a polynomial, the algorithm will run in a reasonable time even for large values of n.




The internet: 
- Q39: A benefit of using open standards and protocols for internet communication would be allowing different manufactuers/ developers to build hardware and software that can communicate with hardware and software on the rest of the network. 
- The answer is not for freely share of reuse of material found because that is not the purpose of OSP



Conditionals: 
- Q26: The answer I put (both statements are inside the if statement) would not work since the arrow cannot always rotate right. Only the rotate right should be inside the if statement, that way it can move forward without having to rotate right, which may cause errors. 




Identifying and correcting errors: 
- Q27: You would put the win <-- True instruction between lines 9-10 because it should be inside the if statement since the if statement describes the necessary criteria to win. Otherwise, you would lose. 






Boolean expressions: 
- Q29: For the or statement, both must be false in order to have a result of false. For the and statement, one can be true, one can be false to produce a result of false. 




Iteration: 
- Q56: the result wouldn't display the sum of even integers from 0-20 since it starts counting at 1. Instead, it would be from 1-19. 



Extracting information from from data
- Q23: using the graph provided, the conclusion in answer A is more fitting since the graph shows those who read more have a higher rate of being interested



Other questions I got wrong (quick fix): 


Q20:
- My wrong answer: C
- Correct answeR: A 
- This expression will first determine the maximum of a and b and then determine the maximum of the resulting value and c. This will result in the maximum of all three values.


Q22: 
- My wrong answer: C
- Correct answeR: B
-  This Boolean expression evaluates to true when counter (the number of temperatures greater than or equal to 90) is greater than 50% of total (the number of entries in the list).


Q37: 
- My wrong answer: A
- Correct answer: C
- Both code segments display the correct average. Code segment I requires more arithmetic operations because it performs the operation sum divided by LENGTH, open parenthesis, num List, close parenthesis within the loop, while code segment II performs the same operation only once.


Q40: 
- My wrong answer: C
- Correct answer: D
- The average total points earned per student can be determined using the result of the total points calculation
for each student. The average increase in total points per student as a result of the score replacement policy can be determined by
calculating the differences between each student score before and after the replacement policy was applied. The proportion of students
who improved their total points as a result of the score replacement policy can be determined by comparing the midterm and final scores for each student with the result of the total points calculation.

Q44: 
- My wrong answer: D
- Correct answer: B
- With a 4-bit integer representation, 2 to the fourth power values can be represented, which allows for the values between 0 to 1 5, inclusive. If an operation results in a value greater than 1 5, an overflow error will occur. Of the operations given in the options, only 10 plus 7 gives a result larger than 1 5.

